Here's the list of what I had to do to get the CCNET server working: 

	* Installed TortoiseCVS 
	* Added cvs.exe to the system PATH
	* Created an environment variable called CVS_RSH set to "C:\program files\tortoisecvs\tortoiseplink.exe"
	* Copied over the CCNET configuration I came up with. This was just a CVS checkout, since I have it all in source control. 
	* Set up a virtual directory called "builds" that points to C:\builds\ccnet\webdashboard
	* Created a virtual directory called "FlexWikiCore" that points to C:\builds\ccnet\server\flexwikicore\web
	* Created another virtual directory _under FlexWikiCore_ called "download" that points to C:\builds\ccnet\server\flexwikicore\download
	* Enabled browse directory and disabled run scripts permission on the download vdir
	* Had to install the .NET SDK (not just the runtime)
	* Ran C:\builds\ccnet\server\ccnet.exe to make sure everything was working. This is the command-line version of the build service, so it's convenient for seeing what's going on. 
	* Created a new user (fwbuild) to run the build service under
	* Gave the fwbuild user "Full Control" on C:\builds
	* Granted fwbuild user temporary membership in Administrators group
	* Grand fwbuild "Launch" permissions in the DCOM Default Launch permissions UI of either OLEView or DCOMCnfg. 
	* Reboot. Not sure if this is totally required, but the previous step seems to need it. 
	* Logged in as fwbuild
	* Set up SourceForgeCVS SSH connection to SourceForge per developer setup instructions
	* Checked the FlexWikiCore sources out into the C:\builds\ccnet\server\flexwikicore\build directory
	* Logged out as fwbuild and back in as Admin
	* Removed fwbuild from every group execept "guests" group
	* Installed the build service with @sc create ccnet-flexwiki binPath= C:\builds\ccnet\server\ccservice.exe start= auto@
	* Used the Control Panel to change the service to run as fwbuild. 
	* Installed MailEnable and configured it to allow SMTP relaying for localhost
	* Created a virtual directory called FlexWikiCoreTestBuild and pointed it to C:\builds\ccnet\server\flexwikicore\build\install, even if that directory doesn't exist yet
	* Install MSDE
	* Grant fwbuild permissions to create databases by:
		* osql -E
		* sp_grantlogin 'builds\fwbuild'
		* go
		* sp_addsrvrolemember 'builds\fwbuild', 'sysadmin'
		* go
		* exit
	* Started the service with "net start ccnet-flexwiki"

